Arkansas Union
	The Union is home to lots of activities at the university. There is even a movie theater that is free for students to go watch movies!
Chick Fil A
	Chick-fil-A is an American fast food restaurant chain headquartered in the city of College Park, Georgia, specializing in chicken sandwiches. Founded in May 1946, it operates more than 2,200 restaurants, primarily in the United States. The restaurant serves breakfast before transitioning to its lunch and dinner menu.
Subway
	Subway is an American privately held fast food restaurant franchise that primarily sells submarine sandwiches and salads. Subway is one of the fastest-growing franchises in the world and, as of June 2017, has approximately 42,000 stores located in more than 100 countries.
Pei Wei
	Pei Wei Asian Diner, LLC, doing business as Pei Wei Asian Kitchen, is an American restaurant chain serving Pan Asian fare, operating in more than 200 locations in the U.S. and six international locations. Pei Wei's dishes are made to order in an open concept kitchen using cooking methods like wok firing.
Flying Burrito
	Flying Burrito Company: The world's best burritos, tacos, quesadillas, nachos, and salads, with locations in Fayetteville, Springdale and Bentonville.
True Burger
	You wont know what a true burger is until you have tried True Burger
Rustic Italian
	Premium Italian eatery located in the Union Food Court, overlooking majestic Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium
Au Bon Pain
	Au Bon Pain is a fast casual restaurant, bakery and café chain headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, with over 300 locations in the United States, India, and Thailand. The company is owned by Panera Bread, which is owned by JAB Holding Company. JAB is owned by the Reimann family of Germany.
Au Bon Pain To Go
	Au Bon Pain is a fast casual restaurant, bakery and café chain headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, with over 300 locations in the United States, India, and Thailand. The company is owned by Panera Bread, which is owned by JAB Holding Company. JAB is owned by the Reimann family of Germany.
Einstein Bros Bagels
	Einstein Bros. was created by the chain restaurant corporation Boston Chicken (now Boston Market) in 1995, as a way to market breakfast foods. The chain is now owned by Einstein and Noah Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc
Einstein Bros Bagels To Go
	Einstein Bros. was created by the chain restaurant corporation Boston Chicken (now Boston Market) in 1995, as a way to market breakfast foods. The chain is now owned by Einstein and Noah Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc
Where the Wild Greens AR
	Where the Wild Greens AR is a new on campus dining option to satisfy the occasional vegetarian in you
Club Red
	Club Red is famously known on campus as a nice gas station without the gas. Club Red will have things like snacks, drinks, pencils, pens, sometimes scantrons, and even basic over the counter medication
Club Red Brough
	Club Red is famously known on campus as a nice gas station without the gas. Club Red will have things like snacks, drinks, pencils, pens, sometimes scantrons, and even basic over the counter medication
Quiznos and Sushi With Gusto
	QIP Holder, LLC, doing business as Quiznos, is a franchised fast-food restaurant brand based in Denver, Colorado, that specializes in offering toasted submarine sandwiches
Starbucks
	Starbucks Corporation is an American coffee company and coffeehouse chain. Starbucks was founded in Seattle, Washington in 1971. As of 2018, the company operates 28,218 locations worldwide
Melt Lab
	If this menu doesn't make your mouth water, we don't know what will 
Arsagas
	Arsaga's Coffee Roasters is a small, family-owned business located in the Ozark Mountains of Northwest Arkansas
Pomfret Dining Hall
	These “all you care to eat” dining halls offer everything from home-style favorites to made-to-order sandwiches and burgers
Fullbright Dining Hall
	These “all you care to eat” dining halls offer everything from home-style favorites to made-to-order sandwiches and burgers
Brough Commons
	These “all you care to eat” dining halls offer everything from home-style favorites to made-to-order sandwiches and burgers